Anxiety in writing my first blog post

At the end of October 2018 when React hooks were introduced to the
world by React's core team in React conf (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-QO-KO90iQ&list=PLPxbbTqCLbGE5AihOSExAa4wUM-P42EIJ)
I wasted no time to start experimenting with them. It was the newest
and hottest topic for the months to come in the React community.

I remember that I wanted to be one of the first to share my personal
experience in using React hooks. Writing a trivial application with React hooks is entirely
different process than writing the same application in React classes.
After getting used to hooks, it felt much easier and fun to work with 
and for the first time since I started to work in this industry I felt
that I could write a blog post about it.

I was very anxious about the idea. In my early twenties when my gold decorated career (https://eversio.org/achievements?year=All%20Years&game=All%20Games&player=Metju)
in gaming (e-sports, competitive video games) was coming to an end I wanted to share
my experience with the community. I knew there were many teenagers investing countless amount
of hours to reach the top tier and win competitions. I wanted to share with them my path to success.
What my life consisted of being a semi-pro gamer, all the tricks, all the do's and don'ts. At the peak of the said career I was playing video games for around 60-80 hours per week. I ended up writing a lengthy biography.

However, that biography was written in my native language. If I had to write a technical post it would be
in English. But English is not my native language and it is an on-going process to write
with minimal or no mistakes at all. What if I expose my imperfections?
What would my colleagues think about me sharing my thoughts in a blog? I don't think
they ever did this anyway. All of these negative thoughts coupled with the effort I had
to put to set up a blog in the limited time I had available made me let this idea go away.

Today, year and a half later, i've managed to overcome this fear and I managed to
write my first blog post about the first blog post itself!  :rocket: